we asked a few familiar faces what they
thought of the results dan the man is
down the path this is the worst bit
about strictly strictly horrible because
it's possible for yourself it's intense
standing there waiting and then when you
finally hear who's out it's horrible
because everyone
I'm not gonna miss this week that is a
great choreographer and I think we're
working really hard
definitely philosophy we work extra hard
and it's great that it's kind of being
resonated back home I thought I was
gonna go home I was so upset yeah it's a
lot of pressure yeah we did well the
judges comments were really nice
considering those with quite a lot you
mess up on my behalf but we got through
and that's a lesson that will come back
hopefully be better next week I think he
looks so great in that cave in that I
think that's what babies grow by the way
good team Bruno team Bruno